[pickers] Close the calendar when a shortcut is selected (#9080)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/shortcuts/shortcuts.md

{{"demo": "AdvancedRangeShortcuts.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Behavior when selecting a shortcut

> By default, the selection of a shortcut acts like the selection of a value in the last view of a picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the selection of a shortcut triggers the same behavior as the selection of a value in the last view of a picker.
```
